# 01-26-2025 First Entry

My name is Miakoda. I'm LGBT. Lesbian, to be more specific. I'm autistic, and I
haven't been able to work for a while now. I survive on Social Security
Disability Insurance. Thankfully, I used to be able to work, as SSI is
impossible to live on. I was also assigned a caregiver. She handles the things
I simply don't manage to do, and she cooks actual food, instead of the simple
and not-so-great things I usually get by on. Computers have been a special
interest of mine for as long as I can remember, as are video games.  At the
time I'm writing this, I'm in my early 40s, but I don't feel like I am. It's
just a number to me. Once I reached 21, that number has had little importance
to me. I am in Portland, Oregon. I hope this means I am safer here than I would
be somewhere else in the country. I have had a hard life and plenty of trauma.
Things have finally been better for me... and a fascist dictator wants to take
that from me. It's not fucking fair!

Many of my friends and loved ones are trans. Obviously, I'm terrified of things
to come now that Donald Trump has taken the presidency for a second time, now
with no guardrails, no one to talk him out of terrible things, and an agenda
known as 
[Project 2025](https://archive.org/details/2025-mandate-for-leadership-full_202501)
. I don't know what comes next. I don't hold much hope for surviving what's to
come. I don't know what will be left of this country, or who will survive. So,
I'm going to try to journal here. Hopefully, these files will survive even if I
don't, and others will at least hear of my experience. I hope someone at least
knows I existed. I hope what I write here might prevent this from happening yet
again, since many in my country were too fucking stupid to listen to all the
warnings. We told them what was likely to happen, and they insisted, and even
still insist, we were over reacting, and they wanted to "own the libs". I'm not
even sure what "owning the libs" exactly means. As far as I can tell, it's
being cruel for the sake of being cruel. I don't understand how anyone can live
like that. Why would anyone want to be cruel on purpose to innocent people? The
MAGAts will be suffering as well, but that doesn't break even with the
suffering for all those who didn't vote for a fascist dictator.

Trump has been back in office for less than a week. Already he has implemented 
[executive orders to harm trans people](https://web.archive.org/web/20250126024053/https://www.whitehouse.gov/presidential-actions/2025/01/defending-women-from-gender-ideology-extremism-and-restoring-biological-truth-to-the-federal-government/)
, making it official policy that there are only 2 genders, you can't change
them, and it's assigned "at conception". The internet is full of people joking
that it makes everyone female, as human fetuses start as female and
differentiate later in gestation. I don't feel like laughing. The EO says it
defends women, which it does not. It says it "restores biological truth to the
federal government", but it doesn't. Gender Dysphoria is a well documented
condition, and their transition is the best treatment. There is no "biological
truth" here.

They have already blocked non-binary people from renewing passports. There are
rumors they have detained people who have tried.

The round up of immigrants has already begun. His goons are sweeping up
documented citizens as well, and even a veteran was swept up. They're just
taking anyone who looks like they *_might*_ be an illegal immigrant. They simply
do not care.

The "Republicans" (Fascists) have already proposed an amendment to the
Constitution to specifically allow Donald Trump to run for a third term as
president. It's doubtful it will pass, but that's still terrifying. This
fascist fuck has been back in office less than a week and they are already
trying to ensure he never leaves office. People who have gone on and on about
the importance of the Constitution are cheering for this. It's vile.

Trump has already gotten us in to trade wars. When Denmark said he couldn't
have Greenland, Trump retaliated with 50% tarrifs. With the immigrants gone,
and tarrifs on everything, we're going to starve!

At Trump's farce inauguration, Elon Musk performed a Nazi salute at the podium,
behind the Presidential Seal,  in front of an audience, and in front of
cameras. MAGAts insist it was stimming, or that he didn't know what he was
doing because he's (allegedly) autistic. As an autist, I can't think of a
higher insult to myself and the entire Autistic community than using autism to
excuse Nazi behavior. No autist stims like that. We all know what that gesture
means. If he had done it in error, he would have disavowed the fascists as soon
as he became aware, but he did no such thing. Elon is a Nazi, Elon knows he is
a Nazi, and we all know the fascist MAGAts are simply lying and using people
like me to gaslight about it. Fuck Nazis!

Trump has removed the US Constitution and Women's Reproductive rights from The
White House web site. The web site is opens with a flashy propaganda video
showing Trump as some sort of leader or hero. I've ordered myself a copy of the
US Constitution, and made sure the publication date is from a few years ago. I
have also loaded a copy on to my ereader. I feel it is important to have these,
and become very familiar with them. I'm not sure why, nobody seems interested
in enforcing it.

Trump instigated an insurrection in 2020. The Constitution says he is not
eligible to take office. It's there in plain text. Nobody, not even the
Democrats, made any attempt to enforce this amendment. They simply handed him
the keys.

Everything looks bleak, and I am afraid.

